moment in my life were a couple decision Thio Surface warfare was pivotal
because I met I would not be a fly would not be somewhere Officer
had gone down the surface warfare being only the father had school
then trying to choose what ship to go to next. So I want up on a fast
Forget then following that I want for my broken Those pivotal decisions,
you know Where you gonna go? I want a whole court. You wanna
stay in awful Stay in seven states. Okay, At the risk of not going
to another ship to get experience Pivotal career moments on what to
do next. That next step is always gonna be a little moment. What should
I do next in my career? Wake up to two years of peace, tenable 10
career mitts to get Okay, so she's well seek counsel Sequin aerial
senior officers from the first That on, uh, outside. I guess You just
want what you make